# 2020-04-17 - Day 05

## Adventure Mode
- Player can select a direction, or use other actions from the sidebar
  - Other Actions
    - Hint
    - ???
    - Retreat / Leave
- Once a direction is selected, controls will lock and the player with hop to the room selected
  - Player location is stored in terms of tiles? pixels? we lerp the player to either the center if no enemies or loot, or 1 tile short.
- Camera will follow behind at a slight delay.
- Once in the room, the scene will switch to trigger mode
- At this point we'll check the room for what should happen
  - Money?
  - Event?
  - Combat?
  - Boss Fight Combat?



## View Port
- On the screen I want to render everything in an area
- The camera position represent the center of my desired viewing area
- ScreenSpace, RoomSpace, TileSpace, PixelSpace
Screen space  from 0, 0 to 640, 360
room space    from 0, 0 to 9, 8
tile space    from 0, 0 to 110, 72 (11x9 tiled rooms)
pixel space   from 0, 0 to 1760, 1152 (16x16 tiles)
floor(pixel space / 16) = tile space
floor(tile space x / 11, y / 9) = room space

## Entities
- Player
- Enemies
- Treasure
- Exit
- Event Triggers


How do I want to store info about rooms?
What info do I need to store about rooms?
- Have I been there?
- Who/What is in the room?
- What directions can I go?
- What actions can I take in the room?

Tilemap is only used for the renderer
The room data is what decides everything else of value

roomLayout = [9x8]
room_entities = [] => each entity will need to be renderable
room_loot = [] => if no enemies, but we have loot, render a chest, play the looting animations
room_events = [] => if no enemies and no loot, play out the event by popping it to the game_state's current event, appropriate systems should kick in